0.13: Exposure (#980)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2024-02-03-bevy-0.13/index.md

));
```

## Camera Exposure

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @superdump (Rob Swain), @JMS55, @cart</div>

> Cameras in the "real world" control how bright an image is by adjusting "exposure settings":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cameras in the "real world" control how bright an image is by adjusting several "exposure settings":
```

Author: Isn't "several" implied by the plural "settings" and the list that follows? Is this a grammar rule I'm not aware of?

Reviewer 2: "Settings" is the plural, yes; however, I think the usage here was more in line with "separate and distinct". That exposure is gotten by adjusting different settings in conjunction? Not sure if it's necessary here tho.

Reviewer: Part of the broader confusion here for those unfamiliar with photography is "why do we need multiple"? "Can't we just set a brightness level?"

This was intended to push this section in that direction :) I should have been more clear, sorry.

Reviewer 3: Why the square quotes around “real world” and “exposure settings”? 😄

Author: I do tend to be overzealous with the double quotes. I like using them to group and introduce concepts. I'll defend "exposure settings" in that context. But "real world" is straight up ambiguous and confusing :laughing:

Author: > Part of the broader confusion here for those unfamiliar with photography is "why do we need multiple"? "Can't we just set a brightness level?"

This is reasonable / I see the value now. I'm in!

> Cameras in the "real world" control how bright an image is by adjusting "exposure settings":

Reviewer: I'd like to see a bit of a shout out to the whole idea of PBR: why are we trying to emulate real cameras at all?

> Cameras in the "real world" control how bright an image is by adjusting "exposure settings":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the "real world", the brightness of an image captured by a camera is determined by it's exposure: the amount of light that reaches the camera's sensor or film. This is controlled by several mechanics of the camera:
```

Author: I like the added clarity!

>  the amount of light that reaches the camera's sensor or film

However this actually excludes the ISO Sensitivity, which is a process that happens _as_ the light hits the sensor or film

Reviewer 2: O, right. I forgot the classic definition of exposure excludes the ISO.  Is the edit I made better?

Author: Used essentially your phrasing but tweaked a couple of things.

> * **F-Stops**: The size of the aperture, which opens and closes to control how much light is allowed into the camera by physically blocking off lights from specific angles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Aperture**: Measured in `F-Stop`'s, the aperture opens and closes to control how much light is allowed into the camera's sensor or film by physically blocking off lights from specific angles, similar to the pupil of an eye.
```

Author: Agreed. Fixed!

> * **Shutter Speed**: How quickly the shutter closes, which controls the duration of time that light is allowed to enter the camera.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Shutter Speed**: How long the camera's shutter is open, which controls the duration of time that the camera's sensor or film is exposed to light.
```

> * **ISO Sensitivity**: How sensitive the camera is to light. A higher value indicates a higher sensitivity to light.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **ISO Sensitivity**: How sensitive the camera's sensor or film is to light. A higher value indicates a higher sensitivity to light.
```
